Apollo 13 flight controllers you need a
go no-go for moms you know that Easter
vacation trip we had plans for Acapulco
procedures dope control go slide there
might be a slight change in destination
really maybe say the moon booster go
retro or go flat G and see when I take
the controls and steered around FAO we
go fly or a nice soft landing romanum
better than a launcher does it bother
you that the public regardless flight is
routine
it's nothing routine about flying to the
moon I could bite it for that launch
control this is Houston we are go for
launch
the clock is running
where the town right
hey guys going to the moon
this is a crew of Apollo 13 wishing
everyone back on earth
pleasant evening
houston we have a problem we got a
wicked shimmy up here houston we are
venting something out into space it's
definitely a gas of some sort like the
heart rates are skyrocketing the Apollo
13 spacecraft is apparently losing
breathing oxygen the emergency has ruled
out any chance of a lunar landing why
are you so many people here something
broken your daddy's spaceship I have a
request from the news people take it up
with my husband
he'll be home on Friday flatly I've lost
the radio contact you come about your
daddy telling you it's reading a
quadruple failure that can't happen it's
got to be instrumentation just explain
it at this rate we're gonna skip right
out of the atmosphere and we're never
going to get back we're looking at less
than 15 minutes of laughs important the
office we never lost an American in
space with shirts hell not gonna lose
one
Odyssey do you read me how long does it
take your power up the LEM three hours
by the checklist we don't have that much
time